Add note about not placing files inside /var/www/html (#1168)
nextcloud/docker: README.md

nextcloud
```

> Please note that anything inside `/var/www/html` will be removed by the installation script, except for `config`, `data`, `custom_apps`, `themes` and `version.php`. So make sure you do not leave other important files inside.

Reviewer: Can you just refer to [upgrade.exclude](https://github.com/nextcloud/docker/blob/master/upgrade.exclude)?

Author: Yeah, I agree. That would probably be better.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note that anything inside `/var/www/html` will be removed by the installation script, except for those listed in [upgrade.exclude](https://github.com/nextcloud/docker/blob/master/upgrade.exclude). So make sure you do not leave other important files inside.
```

  ```php
  'datadirectory' => '/var/www/html/data',
  ```
  5. Make sure your Nextcloud lives at the web root. Look for lines like
  ```php
  'overwrite.cli.url' => 'https://localhost/nextcloud',

>   ```

Reviewer: This seems to be unrelated to this PR

Author: What I meant is if the user is migrating an existing instance to Docker, and the old one was not at the web root, the installation script would remove the files. So I guess it is related.

Author: Please correct me if I'm wrong.

Reviewer: IMHO migrating an existing instance to Docker is a different topic.

Author: I see your point. I created this as a whole just because my files were deleted, and I found those two places to take a note at. Please feel free to separate the changes if you feel that is better.
